Break his hands and feet for me
Let him write it down
A woman who deserves to rob my nephew
Humph, kill your dog eye
Lu Boots guy is dead
Bragging in front of Mr. Li
Even if he doesn't die today, he has to peel off the skin
Stop it
I see who dares to be angry sir
Vice President Zhu
What do you mean?
This dog is making trouble here
You have to be afraid of sealing
I am not afraid that Dean Zhu will be angry
Zhong Ling
I advise you
Mind your own business
Your family donated to our hospital
A lot of medical apparatus
If Dean Zhou knows that there is no good fruit for you to eat
Open the dog's eyes and see what this is
Hospitals sell a lot
Signed by President Zhu Zhu
Zhu Ming, you really can't do anything when you are a young person
Take a coincidence for him and don't lie to me
It's a big mouth
Come and take down Zhongning and this dog thing
What are you doing?
Let me go, I agree to all your conditions
Let him catch up
Negotiate terms with me
You also deserve
He doesn't deserve me